Dreams don't work unless you do.
Go the extra mile.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
The best revenge is massive success.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
If there is no wind, row.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
Never confuse activity with productivity.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
A productive day starts with intention.
Taking time to recharge doesn't kill productivity; it promotes it.
Clarity is everything.
Do the hard jobs first. Easy jobs will take care of themselves.
What looks like multitasking is really switching back and forth.
Do fewer things. Work at a natural pace. Obsess over quality.
Stop making excuses and start ticking things off your to-do list.
You can't be productive until you start turning thoughts into actions.
We all have 24 hours in the day.
Success always demands a greater effort.
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind.
Be led by the dreams in your heart.
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Small steps every day.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Done is better than perfect.
One day or day one. You decide.
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow.
Focus on progress, not perfection.
You are your only limit.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Don't wish for it. Work for it.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
The key to success is to start before you are ready.
Losers quit when they fail. Winners fail until they succeed.
